it is Saturday morning and we're going
to go off on an adventure this morning
did he battery on the iPad is dead but
she's buying determined she's going to
make this thing work you can see what's
in there so we are in Salem Missouri
today we're in by exploring around and
things just kind of taking the general
area and hey now with extended extended
family this is like my mom's cousins but
like cousins two or three times removed
I don't know how to explain it anyhow we
come down here for decoration Ramon
comes down over here but we comes out
everything for years to see everything
and it's fun because i have creaks it's
this very nature like a beautiful so
it's kind of a nice change space where
we live for sure a kid definitely like
jon is going in the background
so today we're going to go visit a
couple families spots and hopefully let
the kids go play in the creek
overlooking a little bit like reading so
hopefully we have a chance to go over
there and just go do a little bit of
exploring and hanging out with family
today
enter your name
japen side the thing
to my dear
really old car back there oh yeah the
picnic safe runda white pebbles go
forward you're gonna try it again good
job you get those Natalie what
yeah we're going across the bridge again
you're gonna put it on let me see your
princess tiara very cute Monica
rationals mouth do you find Izzie in
there that's cool oh you got 12 very
cool probably wow they just improvised
you want to open the door
what time where is down on coop is it a
river now stand right there by mommy and
I'll get all your pictures okay my
captain black my chances her socks are
wet when the bathtub she says your
dresses which she's an eventful well he
going in the big one
that's better so we have a fun day
playing around in Missouri today
hopefully you guys enjoyed our weekend
blog thanks so much for watching and
have a great day
you